And, well, all right, this is me.
I'm back here with you in gta
to show new Delhi secom
updating of systematic courses 14 of
July depended on the United States
exactly I'll show you
now the most sensational thing that ever had
in the history of this game then check out
This is where the liberal rainer is.
the monster to work you can buy
here we bless it on lcd gta5 com
july 4th independence day theme
in the United States what is legal about
relation to him he is practically
destructive and he can pass over
anything is basically a
helicopter only who
destructible I can go through
pretty much anything like that
You have cars in my way I do I
advance over the cars as if they
there was no such thing as the monster
shock does not face much exaggeration
big this car here is not cool that
you can use on the street something that you do not
can do with a reality center
Sorry people, I'm trying to reach you.
city is I'm trying to reach
This is obviously counter-hand as gta
I wanted to ask you guys what you propose
for you a resistance test that
since this car has a reputation for
be so sturdy that it's the following I
I'm going to try to invade a sacred photo and I want to
see how long it survives
that simple
Let's see if we can get in.
because I do not know if online gta can
get into that crap that does not land
give it so I 'm gone I'm leaving
because I 'm in the niche 5 now they do not
I was definitely hopeful but now the
People have a new resistance test.
I'm on level 4 as long as I can
survive with four stars
This is test number two so I go.
escape from the strong agreement as if
there was tomorrow
and I'll try to get into the living city
This is my life goal now I
I hope I can please you
military helicopter does not come after me
please
Raining rainy face itself is not clever
there was something on the other side of the
what is police car sorry
Police Excuse Police Gave License Give
police license was barely up to
close to the police were four
stars is the delay of the license gives
Leave a Reply
Can I get to the city?
This is the big question I got.
to arrive
one time but I believe it's so
Strong as a tank I'll admit
for you
and someone is giving me a shot already
taking bullet putz grila goes well
that car is fast he is not
slowly and it seems slow but it has
kind of like the speed of a car
normal is not a super car but could
to have died running for the river tomato
to the macaé to come there the car
survived I died
This was not a good test and I admit more
It was fun as part of this event.
commemorative you can also buy a
rocket launchers only he launches fireworks
This works like a
normal rocket launcher only a little
weaker and it explodes in fireworks
fireworks in the end this way has no
level limit also to buy this
Trick you have a moschetti that gives a lot
giving continuous only
only it takes forever to be able to
carry on forever and we have
also fireworks and look what
awesome thing
we will have the
demonstration of fireworks and
also the one of throw the rocket that turns
fireworks but before that I
I want to show you my
New apartment as I was saying
This is where my apartment is now.
I have a place where I live the only
problem is that the car in it does not
can put export and garage
always have to search the dealership
because I do not know why it is so
so I 'll stop in front of the
apartment will probably be
stolen, which is what always happens
When I stop in front of my
apartment
but we will now enter the
garage understood let's start with
cool part is the next in the garage there
There's a lot of car that I spent buying.
that nonsense of that car and also
buying an apartment then i have
these two cars that I got
borrowed from people on the street and they
they turned my cars, not only that but
Now we're going up to the
apartment we also have a
private elevator just for this garage
for 10 sensational car arriving here
in my apartment is an expensive duplex
Sensational I paid more expensive to catch
on the floor 20 instead took 7 for power
to see further away was at least that way
that sold me what happens I have
here is my room I have one
refrigerator is not a refrigerator
business to keep alive at temperature
sure that's the name
We also have here a television
who is running the full-time drawing
and I do not know why it was not me who
I chose the schedule
but look here sensational we can
look from that magnifying glass
the bezel and look we got looks
sight looks sight
if you look deep down that there is
beach exactly view to the beach and
It's okay, it 's just here, but it has a view.
to the beach not only that but I can
have this one for downstairs because
are two floors of the plexus had said there
I have mine here I have one
corridor here that I do not know for what
only has a bench so you can look at the
ceiling of places that have no
importance and here I have my bed
It 's a super cool bed, we have
here too a bathroom I'll be right back
to show more thing we have here
also my closet in which I can
change clothes put other clothes
cool but I already have the best suit
the game so that I'll change clothes
now and now I will show you the
functionality of the bathroom looks
cool, I can come in here and I can
Let me take a shower, you bastard.
bath takes shower and the option of
take a shower
It worked there. I can take a shower.
also this is another functionality I
I have to get the best costume out of the game.
to do that but then I can
take away those spots that I have
body that I do not know how it looks like
I was wearing clothes all the time.
must be from blows
probably then people down there
It's the saints, I think this one
our final celebration
I'll send the fireworks to the air.
It's one and two and I hope it's cool.
because I worked to make all of us
come on, you're already a priest, it's a goal.
I just know how to sing, that 's all.
So join this celebration now with
fireworks was half helm like this
kind of mean I'll make my own
How the rocket is then?
I trained two verses from the
United States to do this, then
Come on, or silks must be plummeting.
this is the zeal of wan fu and walks home of
Brazil finally rocked the rocket will be
So I think this is it guys, I
I wanted to show you here this
update that motivated me to play gta
again because I found it very crazy
likes these crazy things when they
they occasionally make games that are already
two then put a lot of shock on the
gta, it's a really cool thing, I just
able to destroy him face I have a
time affects everybody so I guess
What is this if you liked this video there
Won Joan, do not forget to
subscribe to the channel until the next
bye z homos espinado beauty guys will
eating with me here on the web I was going to leave
Everybody there I've stayed with you.
your fantasies
Leave it to no, I do not remember that it is not the
faster and chives nothing account
book here